selfish sailors with an ego cause problems on a team. I'm sure we're all
watch SportsCenter, and you can tell when certain teams break up,
because it's always the same couple of issues, a person acting selfishly
and a person acting, you know, out because of their ego. How Thio
solve this issue again. It's communication sitting down with that
sailor or that team member and trying to figure out what's the issue
and how to move forward from there. Can we solve this issue? If we
cannot solve this issue, how do we How do we remove you from the team?
But I honestly use that as a very, very last resort. There's always
a way for, and there's always a route to a problem and a way to
solve it. It's just you have to be run this off